chore: update the js v5 page (#55)
zksync-sdk/sdk-docs: content/sdk/10.js/00.ethers/10.v5/05.accounts-l1-l2.md

---
title: Accounts | L1<->L2 Transactions
description: Methods to facilitate transactions between L1 and L2 networks using zksync-ethers.
tags: ["zksync", "account management", "wallet creation", "transaction signing", "cryptocurrency", "ethereum", "l1 to l2 transactions"]
---

Learn how to send transactions between L1 and L2 networks using the `zksync-ethers` library.

> If you need background information on how L1<->L2 interactions work on ZKsync, check out the [Developer Reference](https://docs.zksync.io/build/developer-reference/l1-l2-interop.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need background information on how L1<->L2 interactions work on ZKsync, check out the [Developer Reference](https://docs.zksync.io/build/developer-reference/l1-l2-interoperability).
```
